[Music]
[Applause]
good evening everyone welcome to Sport
Relief just really come dancing coming
to you from Wembley
now tonight three legends from the world
of football swapped their boots for
ballroom as they bid to get their hands
on a prize more coveted than the World
Cup yes it's this poor relief glitter
ball trophy now they may be sitting on
the bench right now but when it comes to
scoring there is no substitute for these
three it is of course the strictly
judges yes Craig Darcy and Bruno will be
offering their post match analysis on
tonight's dance-off and it is they alone
who will decide who is crowned the sport
relief champions so are you ready for
kickoff let's have a look at our lineup
in training
I'm ready Anya what do you think of
these Bobby Dazzler then oh they're
unbelievable you mean unbelievable Jeff
I'm Chris Kamara I'm best known these
days for my football commentating and
presenting sholde the first few days
were daunted but she's amazing she
really really is actually I wish for a
better partner she's great at lying the
first two days honey was laughing at me
[Laughter]
but as long as we enjoying anyway great
energy out there I think it's the most
important thing although Anya wants to
win it
I'm Alex Scott and I'm known for playing
for England and I'm the captain of
Arsenal women this one is working me
hard yes she's very strong she's very
athletic and she's always 100% I love it
do it again and keep the same tempo he's
told me I need to add a whole lot of
sass is all about putting 100% into the
movements you do a lot of keeps him come
on more you can do more sass sass hello
I'm David Nona and I'm a former
professional football player in the per
minute one two three training school
actually look at you got all your moves
some of the Leafs you do quite severe
she's a stingray I'm gonna make you look
really good just stand there and just
point we got a real
[Applause]
[Music]
don't give up the chase
it's
[Music]
you
[Applause]
[Music]
where's yours
[Applause]
Oh
[Music]
[Applause]
we want voters
but you must do
you defended and thanks
[Music]
and what you
girl they say no football rely on
[Applause]
the Sun or star
[Music]
well they think it's all over it is
and when they can we also make some
noise for the legend that is mr. John
Barnes right
amazing stuff well done there kami
you're at home doing this dancing thing
aren't you will you be to my house it's
a complete mess
well thank you Kelly amazing Alex up
there flying without wings
loving the lift from Alex Scott
I don't know how I got this hey you two
brilliant teen brilliant teams together
magic and davit gentlemen now I know you
did the French version of the show what
was it like to be back out on the dance
floor it was great yeah I lost two
stones by the way and doesn't he look
fine is a proper sport people we're
thinking you know then see but then sig
is something is something really
something absolutely right average in
there isn't he well it is the judges
will be choosing tonight's winner so
let's ask them what they thought Craig
did Cammy kick it out the park it was a
complete dance disaster I'm afraid
darling your feet look like they were
newly protein
timing without the lift landed really
badly
apart from that darling it was perfect
Darcy how did Alex do tonight back of
the net all back to the day job
oh well Alex I have to say you're
looking gorgeous you have worked so hard
that was a fabulous routine really nice
timing perfectly in sync and I can see
you're fearless in the arms of lovely
Pasha easily up into those lists that
was a great job did daddy do enough to
be your man of the match tonight
Davida that French genetic were the
charming savoir faire makes it always
cha cha cha r me even if the dance was a
salsa somehow it worked
David to your advantage well done well
done I don't speak French but I think he
liked it
that is what the judges think they will
now make a joint decision so while they
confer couples please state your
position give them a cheer Wembley in
the gym so judges have you made your
decision we have conferred very
difficult decision but here we go ah
okay all right well I have the result
right here the judges have conferred and
they have come to a decision the winner
of Sport Relief the Strictly Come
Dancing is
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh
Shinzon team oh my goodness
everyone Alex how does it feel it's
amazing I have to say Pasha is been such
a great teacher and he's been so much
fun it's all in the tomb workers in the
bank yeah it takes two to salsa and you
were flying up high well done they were
fantastic so congratulations to Alex and
Pasha the Sport Relief just really come
dancing champions 2018
[Applause]
[Music]
Wow and thank you to all of our couples
and to you all at home for watching as
well please do keep giving and
[Applause]